that jav
oliva I don't know if I
believe him because he's
friends with dasas and well I don't
know girls jav ola review and tomy it was like
seeing a bunny a bunny
eh But why do these things happen to me on the
internet Who is this man he has one
million
1000 subscribers cameo de oliveira he is
a very well known makeup artist in
Mexico but why do these things happen to me
on the internet and people I love it I'm
fried now to see a bunny like that
salting in the grass in a meadow
But how That I am a bunny jumping
in the grass of a meadow that they were
going to eat it
[Laughs] I
live Poor tomy because
girls I like Tommy I like Tommy I've been following him for a year I like Tommy I love his content I think it's handsome whatever you want but girls he was a little fish in a swarm of great
white sharks or they mopped the floor with him they
made fun of him they didn't let him speak almost at
all Dallas started to dance I mean he
lacks street Tom lacks street let's see he
knows how to tame dogs but no  knows how to
tame
Javi Oliveira and aas don't shut up Well
because how are you going to accept a debate with him
if you know that ola you are already friends and what
happens Exactly Stefan naas How is Jav Oliveira
going to be a mediator if he is a friend of
Dallas And what happens and does it have to do with it I Mediated
a lot because that debate took place let's
see there was content there was no content
but let's see let's see
don't
fool me don't fool me
Eh I am mediating not for Dallas I am
mediating for the
gossip I mediated so that there would be a
spectacle today I spoke with the girl who
loves orlock it's not a joke it's not a joke
Ah there were moments in the debate that
Javi was like but Tommy I mean Javi would
n't have Why should he have given his opinion Javi
was there to say let him talk
Dallas Shut up let him talk to Tommy
then well Tommy wanted to talk and
say certain things because Katy I
believe Katy everything she told me because
I don't have to believe her Now we are
friends we are already lovers how well she
imitates him before and and you exposed all my
audios and I am going to sue I am going to go to the
police station with the police here in
Spain, thank God I have a very
good relationship with all of them to
report all those
gossip influencers who are talking and have
exposed my private life because I am
a very private person,
Tommy I don't think you see
this but who did you think you were who did
you think you were entering into a
debate once
again I was a little fish in a
tank full of piranhas she didn't call me a
piranha on the other
hand the princess of our hearts
they said later that they were
inventing to open the eyes of
poor
Quica, I mean because I heard it I heard that they
told him that Javi told him well been
trying to open your eyes eh
eh Tommy here because it really seems like
you're
in love, I mean
Hello For a second a a a second
you believed that the existence of
Tommy could matter to Javi Olivera and Dallas review it does
n't suit them at all that
Tommy Open your eyes it suits them that
Tommy continues with his eyes blindfolded why Why why chin chin
chin
coins coins chin chin Ah it falls on me it
falls on me Las Vegas Las Vegas come out
coins I keep
billing I bring so much money that my
purse breaks the salt shakers bill I bring
so much money that the salseros don't
cry the salseros bill bol breaks
I want money so the haters get
angry Hey but this man won't stop
singing to me I don't
get the point that people are
so clueless here in Peru they
call it clueless people who
are a little
naive and this guy Tommy what a Naive
girl but how did he not realize
that that boy
that boy was about to enter
the lion's den and there wasn't even one
wolf there were two wolves two wolves this one
seems to have studied logistics bro a kiss
you my God that boy That Tommy was
devoured let's see but Tommy has been
shooting live lately to Dallas
eh because around here we didn't broadcast it yesterday
but I had it here on the schedule he
says I didn't understand very well the video about
controversies how disgusting
Tommy what's up with what Tommy brought out but
it's like a kind of reflection on
the controversies of him and the famous people
Marina mentions  rivers and the trip to
Cuba the funa of elia sicora living on
the streets and several more I don't usually make
these kinds of videos but today I had to
there's an uninformed individual
saying nonsense meme they called me from
Colombia and I'm going to look for him for a
while I'll talk to you I'll talk to you Frenchy
sells long bread in the yel tower I'll talk to you
dad I've never had a class with a
Frenchman But anyway let's do it his
way like all these people all of
them I've criticized this year I've
criticized things they did or things they
said And you know Of course but then
tomy what happens is that he is very much into
complaining about people who are dedicated to
criticism I would
n't swear that he has criticized that on
some occasion about dallan no Oh he's just
picking on this one he's picking on that other one
Look, he's live I threw up four
whole panettones
And since that day he's live I'm going to
tell him something a little bit of asc
panetn Martn already at home we are
drinking caipirinha And preparing
homemade pizzas listening to you There are moments of
woman How nice a caipirinha I think that's what I
miss most about Brazil are
the
caipirinhas Javi the puny What are you doing
here I'm dying Javi the
puny I don't know if you follow him but I do
follow him I'm dying of the Rosa How the
guy talks let's see what he's messing with me
now I think he's also a friend of
Dallas I think I think now he says I think he
got on my nerves The other day I think I
think with dasas A few days ago but he
was still like Very
sore and it was still not clear
how the operation turned out But if you
know something gossip around here please
how he
is as handsome as always I'm going to
put who follows Javi I've been following him for a
while I'm going to put as handsome as
always he looked beautiful the other day
Javi Javi was also commenting
There he is you see as handsome as always he
looked beautiful Yeah I want to see him you don't know
I'm dying to the other day Javi
was commenting that he had his
pairs done
you've done your eyelids
but I want to do my
eyelids too but I'm a little
scared I'm scared of looking like a
damaged doll  There Javi was telling us about the
little jobs he had done he had
some work done on his hair he had done his
nose Hey hey he had done his
eyelids listen I'm up until now
Hey hey but can you see us you don't have any fat
but I'm blinder than a mole the
Lora's [ __ ] But you don't have any
fat on your eyelids no luckily no But
Javi I'm already 52 Javi Yes
man I'm already
52 I want to do like
a facelift like
how can he be 50
because with this shitty light you can't see
anything but he does look like he's 30 let's see
Uh very burned very burned he looks like a
long train no yeah yes
I would like to get a facelift
someday but listen to me I'm laughing my ass off
because I
asked him I asked Dallas I told him
Dallas since you've done so many things I
say Do you think I should do my my my
[ __ ] and the D grabbed them he said
wait a minute I swear and after a while he
says don't do anything yet and I ask him
why Why not because you're
stretched out you can see  little
stretches nothing man samad makeup
says I look like I'm 30 Javi don't go too far Yeah
well let's see 30 and something
go too far
50 there it went you expected that I was
going to 50 to the sensors Although I
see you s How are you It's that the
tension threads well let's see 30 and something in 30 and something well but
no well 52 no but yes I
get
Botox yes I get Botox yes I do my
things my masks my [ __ ] my
hyaluronic acids and all that [ __ ]
because after I lost 30 and something
kilos I thought it was going to fall off and
the truth is that thanks to all that it didn't
fall off damn Because after losing
38 kilos here I should have a foreskin a
foreskin hanging the turkey snot
should have here but luckily no it hasn't
fallen off it's in its place we're doing well We're doing
well how cool that you talk to Dallas
I'm fanatic well
with Dallas we talk but
we talk little but yes yes yes yes I talk talk
talk with him it's  very kind Let's see, I do
n't know him in person Dallas, I don't
know Javi in person either. Although I would
love to since next year I'm
going to
Spain, we could do something. I follow my live
stream, a pleasure. Same, same, Javi. I
send you a big kiss, it's an honor that you
stop by here on my channel, I've been following you
for quite some time.
Your channel really entertains me, what a gossip.
Oh Anita, what you stop by is because you
love me, what a gossip you are. But well, as I
was saying with Dallas, I don't talk
much, I don't talk much, but when we
talk, what else do these people have in common? Are they
bad people or not? They
're probably good people, maybe
better than you, and I don't know. And you know
why? I don't know because I don't know them and
neither do you. Recently, I was analyzing
videos of a very toxic youtuber who
only has the intention of destroying
others by calling them garbage, garbage,
garbage from the chair of his computer without
ever having seen those people and I
think that these are not my values, never have they
been and never will be. Obviously, we
all have to assume the
consequences and the criticism of what we
say or do and that's why I will continue to
analyze, sometimes very harshly,
videos of others  creators But if you
look closely I always say things like it doesn't
show intelligence it doesn't show
empathy or similar phrases because one
thing is to judge words or an action and
another thing is to judge a person it's not
because Nazareth hits her puppies to
educate them that she's a bad person
surely she thinks that's the best
way to do it but my duty is to
criticize those words because I do not
agree with the message it's not because
the scoundrel does beatboxing with his dog that he
's a bad person yes when he
does it it shows that he knows nothing about
dog training and when he continues
doing it while Ah is that he is
criticizing how others do their work
eh what can I tell you tomy look I'm watching
a video that is coming out
recommended to me from Tommy eh called
canine expert criticizes
tiktoker let's see man each one does it in
his own way as it works for him and how and as
such and each one assumes the
consequences of what he does but
also eh I believe that each of us is
here for being as we are, I mean
surely If I were lukewarm then it wouldn't
suit me to be lukewarm and maybe we wouldn't
have the people that we have you
know experts  They say that it's not good
there, it doesn't show intelligence or maturity
in the same way it's not because Tami stops
ink her but that he's a bad person it's not
because Marina reverse promotes a
trip to Cuba or that Pep Guardiola I know that
of not being able to travel in a private jet
to spend an hour of his time that they are
bad people we all make mistakes we
all say stupid things nobody's
perfect but the difference is that
public people are more exposed if
your boyfriend makes a sexist joke to
make his friends laugh nothing happens if your
brother cheats on his girlfriend no
nothing happens if your father stops at the last
minute because he hadn't seen a pe
nothing happens but if she's or living on the
street who does it everyone is
allowed to insult harass and
judge they are exposed we are exposed
to that okay And now above all if you are a
controversial person whose content deals with,
for example, what mine is about,
even more exposed and more critical you have to
accept
okay there are many who are How do you say there are
many who are iron fist and
jaw of such or such or how many have we
seen who have not known how to accept
criticism that the years go by and they continue  without
assuming them eh what they censor that they put
strike eh And then they have the worst
mouth in the world and they mess with
everyone How many have we seen How many have we seen that
guy, I mean, I've seen some
Who even spends the night reporting
Twitter accounts to take down
Twitter accounts because they criticize him Oh but
what they say about me is not what I would
like Well of course but
then don't work on this
obviously the subject of dogs touches
the sensib a lot Javi Look with the climber
what a vanana mat however I think that
the climber Yes well the climber I think she
is delighted that people talk about her and
that and that videos are taken of her And that but
if it is what she has looked for I mean she
does know how to play gossip eh In that
sense she does know how to play gossip she is not going to
start giving you strikes she is not going to
start you know what can't be is that
you dedicate yourself to messing with tokis to
say whatever the hell you want Tokis gan but
when it's your turn or or  if they make two
more videos that's it they bully me they
harass me and spend all night taking
down Twitter accounts and
threatening Twitter accounts what are these
people doing but I hope that all the
people I have criticized or will criticize in the
future know that I don't have bad
opinions about them because I don't
know them myself I will try to continue
criticizing others in a
constructive and polite way without getting carried away
by emotions because that is
what I want to leave to all those who
see my
videos but of course that's why you Tommy in
this video has 6000 views and Dalas
has 500,000 because people in the end
want a show, they want a spectacle, they don't want
to sleep, you understand me, I mean, to go to
see the teacher you can pay for
private classes Why are you going to pay for
a subscription to any streamer